feat: collector upgrade (#581)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20250124_Multi_CollectorUpgrade/CollectorUpgrade.md

---
title: "Collector upgrade"
author: "BGD Labs @bgdlabs"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/technical-maintenance-proposals/15274/63"
---

## Simple Summary

This proposal will upgrade the Aave Collector across all networks, to allow **multiple** funds admins.

## Motivation

Currently, the Aave Collector (treasury smart contract of the DAO, one per network) is managed by a single `Funds Admin` role, which across all Aave instances is configured to be the Governance Level 1 Executor (Short).

> This setup is overly limiting and does not provide the flexibility needed to support usecases like the [Finance Steward](https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-aave-finance-steward/17570) contracts proposed by Karpatkey & Tokenlogic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup is overly limiting and does not provide the flexibility needed to support use cases like the [Finance Steward](https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-aave-finance-steward/17570) contracts proposed by Karpatkey & Tokenlogic.
```
